Add cookbook patterns (#245)
streamingfast/substreams: docs/developers-guide/cookbook/aggregation-windows.md

---
description: Building and freeing up aggregation windows
---

# Building and freeing up aggregation windows

> Store module key-value storage can hold at most 1GB. It is usually enough if used correctly, but it is still a good idea (and sometimes even necessary) to free up unused keys. It is especially true for cases where you work with aggregation windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store module key-value storage can hold at most 1 GiB. It is usually enough if used correctly, but it is still a good idea (and sometimes even necessary) to free up unused keys. It is especially true for cases where you work with aggregation windows.
```
